Oh miss
As the ancient saying goes, Ning demolishes ten temples
Don't ruin a marriage
Yes, sister-in-law.
This marriage is not a game
Then how can it be lifted if it is lifted?
What era is this now?
It's not the time to write a divorce letter
This is registered in the newspaper for divorce
But they're all in line
I can't do it, I can't do it.
Oh, son.
Say something quickly
If this is a divorce
Where are you going with this old face?
Quickly persuade my sister-in-law
Madam, it's all family
It's normal to play small
Or forget it
Forget it, that's it for today
Is that later?
Everyone can ride on the head of our Lin Mansion
Oh my good daughter-in-law
As long as you don't get divorced
You can do whatever you want.
You can say what I want
You old bone
What else can I do to you?
I haven't confirmed your sister-in-law yet.
Oh my good sister-in-law
As long as you don't divorce my brother
You can do whatever you want